Mask human k-mers and exclude HERV-K113 from the viral index (#886)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: CHANGELOG.md

# v3.2.3.0-dev

- Mask human (CHM13) k-mers out of the viral genomes before building the Nucleaze viral screen index (`virus-genomes-masked.nucleaze.bin`), so reads from human-contaminated viral genome regions no longer clear RUN's k-mer screen and inflate the count of putative viral reads. INDEX gains a `MASK_GENOME_REFERENCE` BBDuk step (masking at `k = nucleaze_k`, `hdist=0`, `rcomp=t`) that feeds only the Nucleaze screen index; the bowtie2/minimap2 viral alignment indexes are unchanged. INDEX also publishes a `virus-genomes-human-mask.stats.txt` log. Changes which reads survive the k-mer screen on next index rebuild.

> - Exclude the two fully-human "viral" genome records `AY037928.1` and `NC_022518.1` (Human endogenous retrovirus K113, 100% aligned to CHM13) from the viral genome DB via `ref/hv_patterns_exclude.txt`. These endogenous-retrovirus records are pure human contamination in a viral screen; k-mer masking would N-mask them entirely, so structural exclusion is cleaner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mask human (CHM13) k-mers out of the viral genomes before building the Nucleaze k-mer index.
- Exclude two viral genome records (`AY037928.1` and `NC_022518.1`) that are pure human contamination.
```
